To ensure that we're all on the same page and we all have the basics of React down.
Let's now have a brief refresher on reaction.
Yes understand what it is all about.
How react generally works and how you build modern front end web applications with react.
Now one important note though this does not replace a complete to react course it's only a brief refresher.
Having a look at some of the core fundamentals that make up react I definitely recommend that you also
have a look at a dedicated react course liked my react to complete guide course.
If you want to learn all about react and if you want to ensure that you get the most out of discourse
as well.
We're just having a brief refresher here now in detailing this module we'll have a look at the reactor
as basics and understand how react works there and how we can build web applications with react.
We'll also have a look at how react manages state and stays reactive and what makes OP react in the
end.
With that let's dive right in.